[Applause]
the speed the versatility and above all
the Precision of the F-16 Fighting
Falcon makes this compact combat jet one
of the world's most advanced and sought
after manufacturer loed Martin boasts it
has quote unmatched capabilities perhaps
why the F-16 is nicknamed the Widow
Maker that's because there's no
possibility that its bombs can miss
their target it has millim Precision
they have laser guided bombs of 500 and
900 lb and also 2,000 and 4,000 lb bombs
depending on what they want to destroy
they fire bombs with delayed explosive
devices for example when they hit a
building they direct them into the
basement and then they're exploded so
the building collapses
entirely Nelson Hadad Chile's former
under Secretary of Aviation knows a lot
about the US made
f-16s he was in charge of testing in
choosing them when Chile needed to
upgrade its Fleet of fighter
jets after the United States Israel has
the largest Fleet of f-16s in the world
an estimated
362 they carry up to six missiles as
well as bombs and are fitted and
upgraded with custom Israeli electronics
that Hadad says makes them surgically
precise the radar resolution is so high
that they can pin pointed Target and
even kill a specific person walking down
a street from kilometers
away when the Baptist Hospital in Gaza
was bombed killing approximately 500
Palestinians Israel claimed it was an
accident caused by what it called Muslim
terrorists but given the scale of the
destruction Hadad believes that's
impossible when this case goes before
the international court of justice for
crimes of War War the investigation will
prove that the weapons used were fired
from an F16 there was no margin of error
no
mistake and unlike in Ukraine which
recently received a much wanted Fleet of
f-16s for the people in Gaza there is no
defense possible Lucia Newman Al jazer
Santiago make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer